[Music]
hey how's it going Dave 2d here so these
are some new speakers from Razer
they're called the Razer Nomo and they
start at $99 which is relatively
inexpensive for a pair of decent
speakers now they come in three variants
they have the base $99 version they have
this one which is 150 bucks and they're
adding RGB lighting as well as a DAC and
then they have their super premium model
which is their 400 or 500 dollar model
it's called the Noma Pro and I was able
to hear all of them at CES and obviously
the 500 dollar one sounds the best has
got THX certification all that stuff but
I feel like these ones here are where
it's at these sound really good for the
money so what makes these things
different right away is their look if
these don't look like your standard
bookshelf speakers like if you go with
the clips Pro media or logitech speakers
are just your standard bookshelf
speakers they have a certain kind of
dull look to them these don't look like
that these definitely have some gamer
DNA in it it looks more modern to me
with a pretty clean aesthetic now the
build quality on this thing is I mean
it's your average kind of build quality
it is plastic it's not like wood or
anything like that but it's made well
there's three inch drivers up at the
front and then there's a base port on
the back and this one here the $150
nomic Romo has RGB lighting that you can
control in their software now you can do
some crazy stuff in there or you can
just keep it basic and use one of the
profiles just to add some color to your
setup it is nice to have that
availability though in terms of
connectivity you get your power
connection and then on my model because
it's the gnome of chroma it has a DAC so
you get used B connectivity and you have
your regular auxilary analog connection
and in your headphone jack the controls
are really simple there's two knobs
there's a volume dial and then there's a
base dial in it first one I was checking
this thing I was like what they only
have base tile like there's no treble
controls but the way that they've done
it is actually really smart the base
control has automatic gain so if you
increase or lower the base it
automatically adjusts the EQ of the
sounds of the base will scale distortion
free it's actually really nice to have
your base cranked up your volume cranked
up and everything still sounds clear so
how do these things sound honestly they
sound really good I kind of expected
them to sound not great because it's a
razer product right not that it would be
bad but razer doesn't do speakers
they're not known for speakers so when
they bring this thing out it's like it
looks cool but are they really gonna
sound good
[Applause]
[Music]
for $99 I really like the audio quality
from these but where they shine is in
games the positional audio and these
things are excellent those higher
frequencies are really pronounced and
clean and you can hear footsteps well I
don't have a way to showcase the stereo
separation properly with my mics but I'm
very comfortable gaming on this thing
now compared to other speakers that have
used for gaming like the clips Pro media
or the audio engine a 2 plus or the
kanto yu6
these aren't like the best sounding
things out there that's all I'm trying
to say but they sound really really good
for the price and I really like how
these things handle the higher
frequencies when you lower the bass you
can really hear player locations on
these speakers okay there's a few things
that I don't like about the noma speaker
the first is that it's a little
top-heavy I understand that that's the
look that's the design aesthetic they've
gone for but I wish the base plate was a
little bit wider because right now it's
got this tendency to wobble a little bit
if you hit it backwards switch a little
bit dangerous the other thing I don't
love is that the auxilary and the
headphone jack are on the back of the
speaker and I understand that for
bookshelf speakers that's pretty normal
but because these are gaming speakers
you kind of expect them to be closer up
to the front so you can just access them
easier but that's just what we have here
and the last thing is I don't like how
the chroma version is $50 more a lot of
money for just RGB lighting and a USB
connection which I don't know it doesn't
really make that much sense to me okay
overall great speakers for 99 bucks I
feel like these are these aren't the
speakers to beat and I'm saying these
are like you know the best speakers out
there for 99 bucks but if you like
something that looks a little bit
different looks pretty cool and has that
way to complement your setup with
different colors and stuff you should
check these things out okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]